KMS doc updates for v1.28 (#42312)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider.md

* Your cluster must use etcd v3 or later

* For environments where all API servers are v1.28+ and downgrade support is not required, set `--feature-gates=KMSv2KDF=true` for more robust data encryption key generation.

{{< caution >}}
The KMS v2 API and implementation changed in incompatible ways in-between the alpha release in v1.25
and the beta release in v1.27.  Attempting to upgrade from old versions with the alpha feature
enabled will result in data loss.
{{< /caution >}}

{{< caution >}}
Running mixed API server versions with some servers at v1.27 and others at v1.28 with the `--feature-gates=KMSv2KDF=true` flag set is not supported and will result in data loss.
{{< /caution >}}

<!-- steps -->

The KMS encryption provider uses an envelope encryption scheme to encrypt data in etcd.
The data is encrypted using a data encryption key (DEK).
The DEKs are encrypted with a key encryption key (KEK) that is stored and managed in a remote KMS.
With KMS v1, a new DEK is generated for each encryption.
With KMS v2, a new DEK is generated on server startup and when the KMS plugin informs the API server

> that a KEK rotation has occurred (see `Understanding key_id and Key Rotation` section below).  When `--feature-gates=KMSv2KDF=true` is set, KMS v2 uses a key derivation function to generate single use data encryption keys from a secret seed combined with some random data.

Author: No, it misses the distinction between v1 and v2.

> that a KEK rotation has occurred (see `Understanding key_id and Key Rotation` section below).  When `--feature-gates=KMSv2KDF=true` is set, KMS v2 uses a key derivation function to generate single use data encryption keys from a secret seed combined with some random data.

Reviewer: Ah yep. I think that means there are actually three ways? Let's document that.

With KMS v1, a new DEK is generated for each encryption.

> With KMS v2, a new DEK is generated on server startup and when the KMS plugin informs the API server
> that a KEK rotation has occurred (see `Understanding key_id and Key Rotation` section below).
> When you enable the `KMSv2KDF` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/),
> KMS v2 uses a key derivation function to generate single use data encryption keys
> from a secret seed combined with some random data.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
With KMS v2, there are two ways for the API server to generate a DEK.
Kubernetes defaults to generating a new DEK at API server startup, which is then reused
for object encryption. However, if you use KMS v2 _and_ enable the `KMSv2KDF`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/), then
Kubernetes instead generates a new DEK **per encryption**: the API server uses a
_key derivation function_ to generate single use data encryption keys from a secret seed
combined with some random data.
Whichever approach you configure, DEKs are also rotated whenever the KEK is rotated.

```
?

The KMS encryption provider uses an envelope encryption scheme to encrypt data in etcd.
The data is encrypted using a data encryption key (DEK).
The DEKs are encrypted with a key encryption key (KEK) that is stored and managed in a remote KMS.

With KMS v1, a new DEK is generated for each encryption.

With KMS v2, there are two ways for the API server to generate a DEK.
Kubernetes defaults to generating a new DEK at API server startup, which is then reused
for resource encryption. However, if you use KMS v2 _and_ enable the `KMSv2KDF`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/), then
Kubernetes instead generates a new DEK **per encryption**: the API server uses a
_key derivation function_ to generate single use data encryption keys from a secret seed
combined with some random data.
Whichever approach you configure, the DEK or seed is also rotated whenever the KEK is rotated

> (see `Understanding key_id and Key Rotation` section below for more details).

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
(see “Understanding `key_id` and key rotation” elsewhere in this page for more details).
```

Much better though: make that into a heading, and hyperlink to it.

Although both of these cases are partially mitigated by the 4 byte random nonce, this can compromise 
the security of the encryption.

> When `--feature-gates=KMSv2KDF=true` is set, KMS v2 generates single use data encryption keys from a secret seed.  This eliminates the need for a counter based nonce while avoiding nonce collision concerns.  It also removes any specific concerns with using KMS v2 and VM state store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled the `KMSv2KDF`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) _and_ are using KMS v2
(not KMS v1), the API server generates single use data encryption keys from a secret seed.
This eliminates the need for a counter based nonce while avoiding nonce collision concerns.
It also removes any specific concerns with using KMS v2 and VM state store.
```

  desired buffer to allow config changes to be processed - a minimum `M` of five minutes is recommend).  Note that no
  API server restart is required to perform KEK rotation.

  {{< caution >}}

>   Because you don't control the number of writes performed with the DEK, we recommend rotating the KEK at least every 90 days.

Reviewer: (nit / aside)
```suggestion
  Because you don't control the number of writes performed with the DEK, 
  the Kubernetes project recommends rotating the KEK at least every 90 days.
```
